o
prevail
can
the
hey
re
me
now
l
do
se
y
do
i
ni
ne
wait
No
time
sorry
essential
final
Let's meet again when we get lost
Drowning in the music
I admit I'm incomplete
A fiction of a dream that's easy to come by
A lie and a true injustice
Forgive me for being a hopeless love
I don't care, I'll survive on this stage
High tension of a high cell
I can't be quiet without a rap song
Love me, love me, love me, love me
The End
I was buying cats.
Continue.
Suddenly, a policeman came to talk to me.
Two, three more people.
If we get caught like this, the cat will die.
It was a decision we shouldn't have made.
I'm the only one who knows that we're winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the woman and her mother and two other police officers were found at home.
Morioka Prefecture has been basing the attack on the two people by the conspiracy of a murder.
This is what happened after the arrest.
Oe fled to his home during a questioning session with the police.
The police who were chasing him found a bloodstained knife.
He was arrested in the second half.
The DNA test showed that the knife's bloodstain matched the victim's DNA.
Oe was sentenced to life in prison.
Even the evidence of the knife...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind you, so you refused to eat.
No. He was once a doctor, and he was in a bad mood because he was using drugs.
Is that a trauma?
Even if you picked it up, the knife with blood?
Why?
He said he was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know.
I can't say everything.
But the environment of the Oe.
Considering the NPO staff working in the dormitory,
I don't think it's an impossible thing.
NPO staff?
Shelter management and self-support are the main activities for the elderly without a place to go.
The guard was there to take care of them as a job.
But he wasn't paid.
He only gets a year's salary as a salary, and a lunch box and food supplies.
Nevertheless, he is paid 50,000 yen a month as a rent.
Egu.
It seems that the residents have a lot of money.
And the reason why the order for the weapon was delayed was...
It's a bad decision to call them.
The police car, the ambulance, and the people in the neighborhood will be in trouble.
That organization is pretty gray.
Well, it's almost black gray.
However, since the disaster recovery fund has been flowing in,
there have been more NPO law enforcement officers who are suspicious of the operation.
It's not surprising that the crisis is falling.
There are 12% of the possibility that Oe is Shiro.
First, we need to check the organization's activities and tax returns.
We need to check all the tenants' accounts.
I'll ask Oe about the situation, so you can continue investigating.
Don't you think I'm putting a lot of pressure on you?
And can you buy me a cat?
A cat?
I'm a bit cheap, but I often do black market.
Yoron is guilty of one crime.
And he's not even a suspect in a murder case.
He could be sentenced to death.
He's just too lazy to do it.
Hey, Mr. Sun.
Why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes!
I'm just doing what I think I'm doing.
Hahaha, so you're still the same.
It's hard to be a boss if you're not interested in money.
I wouldn't say you should open a cafe in your second job like Takagi-san.
But still have you been like this for a long time No it actually worse than before What When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to them,
and they couldn't get a fine,
and they couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do something to get the prosecution's attention.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're done with this, right?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
The weak are the strong.
That's a good thing, but...
You don't understand the courts and the police.
You're not a good judge.
You're not a good lawyer.
Well, it's fine.
We're the only ones who have a limit, without the understanding of the courts and the police.
We won't continue until the client is displeased.
They are being cornered both economically and mentally.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
«週 geekington.com — Lowthis Tób
Do completely island
No manTwF
Ehh?
I really won.
Not yet.
I'll be back soon.
From now on, the police...
In the end, the girl who had stolen the item entered the room where Ouwe-san was.
The girl who had stolen the item entered the room where Ouwe-san was.
People who had stolen the item didn't find it in Ouwe-san's room.
There were people who went missing from the crime scene in the NPO.
Also, after the crime scene, which we assumed was from the body,
we saw Ouwe-san on the security camera in the convenience store.
I'm glad you didn't drown yourself.
Thank you very much, Dr. Higuruma.
Please forgive me.
Besides, you're still alive.
It's not that...
Thank you for believing in me.
The prosecution, who has to act with limited budget and number of people,
gives evidence by putting in tax and manpower.
That's fine. That's the way it works.
But the prosecution doesn't give any new evidence.
The prosecution gives an absurd fact-checking that there is no reason to suspect the perpetrator of the crime.
The verdict is reversed.
Smoking can cause more pain and broken bones, NOT a 도
It's so calledicianship.
There's no way of São Paulo to December
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I have not been seeking salvation from the evil.
I have not given up on the fact that I have been wronged for a long time.
That is not the only thing that has not been fixed.
The goddess of justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality under the law.
If people are for the sake of self-defense, they close their eyes for everything.
I去の onlar
私だけが目を開けていた
この判決に不服がある場合は本日を含めて15日以内に上告申立書を提出してください
The next day
Mr. Higuruma?
Everyone, go back!
Let's start over.
The next day
Higuruma is in Shinjuku, Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku... Itadori should be heading there too.
Ikebukuro? Is Shiguro there too?
Isn't it a bit late?
When will that kid bring the next turtle?
Episode 1
W No no it not working at all Then what is it Like this like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh and have fun.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it.
Why don't you understand?
Are you stupid?
I don't study or exercise often, but I have a high pride.
I just have to keep my spirits up and not get hurt.
That way, I won't be a burden to other people.
Sometimes I can have good thoughts.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
That student, Nishichu?
Is he a junior?
It's just the way things were in the差ing zone...
But at least I'll give you a big hand this time...
Shito!
What?
You're not my enemy!
Hey!
You...
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and head to Shinjuku, then stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The number of encounters with the players will increase.
There are two reasons for me to go through here.
It's easy to understand the way.
There's my base nearby.
Let me take a shower.
I haven't had a good rest since yesterday.
The train is based on this theater.
I wish I hadn't moved.
Oho! You really saved me! Thank you!
Wait!
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a Kotenpan.
Then it's okay.
I won against a hedgehog, so I can run away.
...
Sonjana!
Ah...
No...
I'm saying it...
Let's stop this already...
I'm sorry...
Itadori...
...
...Kiguruma...
Ahaha...
Unfortunately, I'm a lazy.
You were tricked.
What's with that face?
I'm not scared at all.
I'm telling you, I'm a lazy.
Don't talk.
It's a waste of time.
......
Who's there? What are you doing?
You're the one who's...
Have you ever gone to the bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought you did, but you don't look good.
That's right.
When I was in elementary school, I liked to learn how to swim.
Recently, I've been trying to do things that I thought I shouldn't do.
I've been out of shape for over 30 years.
What do you think?
It's a little interesting.
You're a sunshade, aren't you?
I'm not.
I want to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait. I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm just kidding. I just wanted to answer a little annoying lawyer.
I see.
This guy from earlier...
You have 100 points, right?
He's not a past Jutsu master who was born and raised.
He's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
We can talk about this.
We have a negotiation to make.
Well, you've passed.
It's fine now. I understand.
That Shikigami is quite strong.
It's strong in your heart, right?
If you're weak, you can just kill him and that's it.
It's fine. You can be my friend.
What's that? I didn't hear that.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shimezu Kaiyuu?
It's a ritual, isn't it?
It's a ritual to use the power of the players in the barrier to turn the people of Japan into a sacrifice and return them to the human world.
I won't forget about Tengen-sama.
What are you, a friend of Kenjaku?
I thought you were there.
A magician involved in the sword.
Well simply put we want to end the world of death Oh Tanma We want to end the Shimezu Kaiyuu Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the competition for this match a no
Please let me use 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll just say it for the record.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No, I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukaiyuu. Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rules of the Shime-tsukaiyuu? If the power given to me is real, the rules are real too, right?
I'm using the power of the player you just mentioned. It's probably bluffing.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of second and third place rather than bluffing.
The basis is three.
The number of players, the ability of the players, and the rules of the barrier.
If about 1,000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a fireball or a fireball.
Only these two have already been divided into 60 sorcerers.
There must be someone in each colony who looks like them.
Only the strong remain in the early stage.
The death row is approaching.
I felt it for sure.
The barrier is too quiet.
Already.
At least here, in Tokyo No. 1.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people.
The most important thing is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight more and more magicians for longer and longer.
No need for the national and the national.
If the one who broke the rules is punished like the physical law without fighting the truth, isn't that wonderful?
I admit that the rules are problematic, but I want to keep an eye on the system of the Kaiyus.
It's not going to end soon.
I want to see the rule 2 and 8, especially the rule of the Jutsu.
I think if the rules are broken, you'll die.
The death of the Kaiyus is a ritual.
If you keep doing that, all the people in this country will die.
You're a hypocrite. The death of the Kaiyus is a song of the Eizoku.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Points!
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like.
It feels better than I thought.
Shikigami.
Higuruma has 100 points.
I might have killed 20 of them.
I can't jump into the darkness.
I have a plan, but I'll do whatever it takes.
Ryoiki Tenkai.
Chūbuku Shishin.
Address A
Asshes
Letter D
Knial
R
Empire
I'm being swallowed up by the future
I'm going forward while destroying the future
Will the end come?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and scattered
I'm not afraid of anything, because it's empty
So, for the end, I'm sure you'll erase this day
I don't want anything anymore
I'm afraid I'll lose it again
It's almost morning, but the fog is still there
I'll face it while certainly tracing the unobtrusive outline
To be continued